Logging in:

http://tracms.germanmaster.traclive.dk
Username: baur@sailing-team-germany.de
Password: MarcusBaur

Tracking devices have some kind of an "expiry date" when attached to a
mark. As a clean-up measure, Jakob had to reset some of these expiry
dates.

One database for one "event." Start/end is the start/end date of the
whole regatta. Tracking data received is keyed by time and tracker
association. Only if it's inside the event window the tracker data is
accepted. If a tracker is associated with an event, it's data is
recorded, even if not yet associated with an object. Later, the
tracker may be associated with an object, associating its track with
that object. This way it's possible to recover from various types of
"situations."

Edit an event. As a club event it has a long duration.

Courses - Marks/waypoints:

Show advanced: Tracking device session. Shows tracking device
association to the mark for a time frame. A tracking device cannot be
used for other marks if it is still associated for the time frame
under consideration with another object. Before re-using a tracking
device for a time frame, it must be disassociated with all other
objects for that time frame.

Create a new mark:

Mark's short name must not be longer than two characters. It's
currently not possible to associate trackers to marks if the trackers
are associated to *any* other object with *any* time frame.  We
currently have to re-use existing mark definitions because of this
problem.

A mark can also be created without tracking devices associated. Then
show the advanced page for the tracking device. There we can set the
start/end time, and all trackers not associated during this period
should become available for selection / association.

Create a course:

New course, give it a name. Choose "Mark/Waypoint" as Course Type. Add
marks (control points) as waypoint. Can be updated while the race is
on, but marks have to be in the course before the first boat passes
this mark.

Inserting a mark first always appends it to the end. Then, drag&drop
is possible to move it to the desired position in the waypoint
list. Afterwards, "Update" needs to be pressed.

When waypoint data is changed too late, tracking data needs to be
re-run through the system to update the mark passings. This can only
be done by TracTrac administrators.

A course needs to be associated to a race. You cannot have the same
course associated with many races. But a new course's waypoints can be
copied from any other existing course.

Race:

New race; give it a name. Enter start of tracking, end of tracking,
start of race. Times are all UTC. Start of race needs to be between
start and end of tracking. Choose the (default) course. Start of race
can only be entered later, when known. Don't try to change the
course-race association. Edit the course instead. It's a 1:1
association between race and course anyhow since courses cannot
directly be re-used (only copied) in a different race.

Checkbox "Populate start and endtime to entries" means that race
timing is applied to the tracking device sessions associated with the
race.

Editing entries (competitors) information:

It's possible to import from "another race" which typically happens
for fleet races. Competitor information can also be imported from CSV
files. Field names: Short name, Last name, Nationality, Class, Team,
External ID, Tracking device, Picture. Don't use special characters in
the boat class name.

Boat classes and pictures can be maintained under the "Details" menu.

A tracker can be substituted in the Entries page, clicking the
"Replace" button next to the tracking device number, entering a UTC
time for when the replacement shall become effective. If mark passings
have happened in between, mark passings either need to be entered
manually or TracTrac administrators can re-run the data by the mark
passing algorithm.

Manually enter a mark passing:

Go to the races page. Press the SailMarks button (red container). In
the popup dialog the mark passing times can be manually
entered. Automatically-detected mark passings will automatically
update if the algorithm detects a better candidate for the mark
passing. Manually entered mark passings may be overwritten by the
algorithm, also during a re-run.

Replacing a tracker on a mark: click the replace button next to a mark
in the marks list.

Monitoring page:

When the battery indicator shows a dying battery, we can schedule a
planned replacement.

Send interval configuration: Clicking the checkbox next to the device
in the monitoring page enables sending an SMS to the device. For this,
we need to inform TracTrac about which SIM card with which phone
number went into which tracker. This can be provided in a CSV file
that has the format "tracker-ID;phone-number" where the phone number
starts with the country prefix, e.g. "1".

Green button will reboot the devices with checkmarks on. The device
rebooted will send all buffered information once back up.

A Teltonika command can be sent to all devices wich checkmark
set. "CF1;" "CF2;" and "CF3;" are the commands to send the device into
the respective mode. CF1 is most aggressive (quickest possible
sampling, sending out directly); CF2 sends every 15 seconds; CF3 sends
every 120 seconds.

Recharging a depleted battery takes about 3h. Batteries can be
replaced. It's a standard Nokia battery: BL-5C

 - registering boat and mark trackers
 - setting up the fleet
 - defining the course with the marks
 - setting and updating the start time
 - fixing erroneous mark passing events
 - updating a course before and during a race

